.Q.trp uses 'trap at' rather than 'trap' (#270)
KxSystems/docs: docs/ref/signal.md

<div markdown="1" class="typewriter">
0   abort execution (set by [Trap or Trap At](apply.md#trap)) 
1   suspend execution and run the debugger
2   collect stack trace and abort (set by [.Q.trp](dotq.md#trp-extend-trap-at))
</div>

> During abort, the stack is unwound up to the nearest [trap at](apply.md#trap-at) (`@` or `.` or [`.Q.trp`](dotq.md#trp-extend-trap-at)). The error-trap mode is always initially set to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During abort, the stack is unwound as far as the nearest [trap at](apply.md#trap-at) (`@` or `.` or [`.Q.trp`](dotq.md#trp-extend-trap-at)). The error-trap mode is always initially set to 
```
